We’re making brief visits on our neighbors
because many are interested
in a better world.
Do you think it’s realistic that one day
there will be an end to violence and war?
An end to violence and war?
Yeah, that’s probably not realistic.
May I ask why you feel that way?
Well, the world has always had
violence and war.
I think the best we can hope for
is just to limit those things.
I think a lot of people feel that way.
May we share something
that the Scriptures say on the subject?
Sure.
Susan, would you please read
Psalm 37:10, 11?
Sure.
It says: “Just a little while longer,
“and the wicked will be no more;
“you will look at where they were,
“and they will not be there.
“But the meek will possess the earth,
and they will find exquisite delight
in the abundance of peace.”
Thank you.
So according to this,
who will not be any more?
It says “the wicked” won’t be here.
That’s right.
And without the influence of the wicked,
what would be the result?
Peace.
Does it not seem logical
that if the wicked are gone
then violence and war would end?
It makes sense.
I hope it’ll be a reality some day.
I agree.
Of course, it’s not realistic to think
that man could accomplish this.
But this verse is describing
what God Almighty will do.
The Bible contains
many other encouraging promises.
The next time, I’d like to share with you
the Bible’s promise
to end the problems
that make life seem hopeless.
Sure.